.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH ELCONV 1 "January 15, 2003"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
elconv \- conversion program for ELOG messages
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
\fBelconv\fR [ \fB-v\fR ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Electronic Logbook
.B ELOG
can be used to store and retrieve messages through a Web interface. Depending
on the configuration, the
.B ELOG
system can host one or more logbooks which are stored in separate sections on
the server.
.B elconv
is a support tool which converts the
.B ELOG
messages in old format to the current format. Basically you simply run
.B elconv
in the directory where all the `*.log' files live. If you have several
directories with log files, you run it once in each directory.
.SH OPTIONS
\fBelconv\fP accepts the following option:
.TP
.BR \-v
verbose output
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR elog (1),
.BR elogd (8).
.PP
The full documentation for
.B ELOG
is maintained as an html manual. You can reach it from the package document
directory.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Stefan Ritt <stefan.ritt@psi.ch>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Recai Oktas <roktas@omu.edu.tr>, for the Debian
GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
