.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH ELOG 1 "January 15, 2002"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
elog \- utility program for Electronic Logbook ELOG
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
\fBelog\fR \fB-a \fIattribute=value\fB\fR [ \fB-e \fIid\fB\fR ] [ \fB-f \fIfile...\fB\fR ]
\fB-h \fIhost\fB\fR [ \fB-l \fIlogbook\fB\fR ] [ \fB-m \fItextfile\fB\fR ]
[ \fB-p \fIport\fB\fR ] [ \fB-r \fIid\fB\fR ] [ \fB-s \fIsubdir\fB\fR ]
[ \fB-u \fIusername\fB \fIpassword\fB\fR ] [ \fB-v\fR ]
[ \fB-w \fIpassword\fB\fR ] \fImessage\fB\fR  [ \fB-x\fR ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Electronic Logbook
.B ELOG
can be used to store and retrieve messages through a Web interface. Depending
on the configuration, the
.B ELOG
system can host one or more logbooks which are stored in separate sections on
the server.
.B elog
is the standalone client program which can be used from the command line to
interact with the
.B ELOG
daemon (elogd). The
.B elog
message can either be submitted on the command line or piped through `stdin' or
in a file with the `\-m' flag.  For the former case, message with blanks must
be enclosed in quotes.  Multiple attributes can be specified as well as several
attachments. The password must match the write password defined on the server.
If user level access is defined on the server (via the `Password file' option),
a valid user name / password pair must be specified with the `\-u' option.
.PP
The
.B elog
program makes it possible to submit logbook entries automatically by the system
or from scripts. In some shift logbooks this feature is used to enter alarm
messages automatically into the logbook.
.SH OPTIONS
\fBelog\fP accepts the following options:
.TP
.BI -a " attribute=value"
set attribute to value
.TP
.BI -e " id"
edit existing message of id
.TP
.BI -f " file..."
attach files while submitting
.TP
.BI -h " host"
host where
.B elogd
is running
.TP
.BI -l " logbook"
name of logbook or experiment
.TP
.BI -m " textfile"
submit message from textfile
.TP
.BI -p " port"
port where
.B elogd
is running
.TP
.BI -r " id"
reply to existing message of id
.TP
.BI -s " dir"
directory where logbooks reside
.TP
.BI -u " username password"
username and password
.TP
.BR \-v
verbose output
.TP
.BI -w " password"
write password defined on server
.TP
.BR \-x
suppress email notification
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR elogd (8).
.PP
The full documentation for
.B ELOG
is maintained as an html manual. You can reach it from the package document
directory.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Stefan Ritt <stefan.ritt@psi.ch>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Recai Oktas <roktas@omu.edu.tr>, for the Debian
GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
