.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH ELOGD 8 "January 15, 2003"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
elogd \- web server program for Electronic Logbook ELOG
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
\fBelog\fR [ \fB-C \fIurl\fB\fR ] [ \fB-c \fIfile\fB\fR ]
[ \fB-D\fR ] [ \fB-d \fIdirectory\fB\fR ] [ \fB-f \fIfile\fB\fR ] [ \fB-k\fR ]
[ \fB-l \fIlogbook\fB\fR ] [ \fB-M\fR ] [ \fB-m\fR ] [ \fB-n \fIhostname\fB\fR ] 
[ \fB-p \fIport\fB\fR ] [ \fB-S\fR ] 
[ \fB-s \fIdirectory\fB\fR ] [ \fB-v\fR ] [ \fB-x\fR ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Electronic Logbook
.B ELOG
can be used to store and retrieve messages through a Web interface. Depending
on the configuration, the
.B ELOG
system can host one or more logbooks which are stored in separate sections on
the server.
.B elogd
is the daemon program serving as a simple web server for the
.B ELOG
system. 
.SH OPTIONS
\fBelogd\fP accepts the following options:
.TP
.BI -C " url"
clone remote elogd configuration
.TP
.BI -c " file"
specify configuration file
.TP
.BR -D
become a daemon
.TP
.BI -d " directory"
specify logbook root directory
.TP
.BI -f " file"
specify PID file
.TP
.BI -M
synchronize with removing deleted entries
.TP
.BI -m
synchronize logbook(s) with remote server
.TP
.BI -n " host"
host where
.B elogd
will run
.TP
.BR -k
do not use keep\-alive
.TP
.BI -l " logbook"
specify logbook for `\-r' and `\-w' commands
.TP
.BI -p " port"
port where
.B elogd
will run
.TP
.BR -S
be silent
.TP
.BI -s " directory"
specify resource directory (eg. themes, icons)
.TP
.BR -v
debugging output
.TP
.BR -x
enable execution of shell commands (unless compiled with this feature)
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR elog (1).
.PP
The full documentation for
.B ELOG
is maintained as an html manual. You can reach it from the package document
directory.
.SH WARNINGS
.B elogd
is run under a separate user/group
.I elog
, by default. You might
change it via
.I Usr
and
.I Grp
options in configuration file. The configuration and stylesheet files should
be readable by that user.
.PP
Passwords are transferred over the network in plain text and therefore, are not
secure. So if passwords are used
.B elogd
should be started with the SSL option in the configuration file for secure connections.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Stefan Ritt <stefan.ritt@psi.ch>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Recai Oktas <roktas@omu.edu.tr>, for the Debian
GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
